Digital Circuit Simulator - V1.0 - 2019
Montpellier University - Master EEA/SEI

gate_1 is created type: not
gate_10 is created type: not
gate_100 is created type: xor
gate_101 is created type: xor
gate_102 is created type: xor
gate_103 is created type: nand
gate_104 is created type: xor
gate_105 is created type: nand
gate_106 is created type: xor
gate_107 is created type: nand
gate_108 is created type: xor
gate_109 is created type: nand
gate_11 is created type: not
gate_110 is created type: xor
gate_111 is created type: nand
gate_112 is created type: xor
gate_113 is created type: nand
gate_114 is created type: nand
gate_115 is created type: nand
gate_116 is created type: nand
gate_117 is created type: nand
gate_118 is created type: nand
gate_119 is created type: nand
gate_12 is created type: not
gate_120 is created type: nand
gate_121 is created type: nand
gate_122 is created type: nand
gate_123 is created type: nand
gate_124 is created type: nand
gate_125 is created type: nand
gate_126 is created type: and
gate_127 is created type: not
gate_128 is created type: not
gate_129 is created type: nand
gate_13 is created type: not
gate_130 is created type: nand
gate_131 is created type: nand
gate_132 is created type: nand
gate_133 is created type: nand
gate_134 is created type: nand
gate_135 is created type: nand
gate_136 is created type: nand
gate_137 is created type: nand
gate_138 is created type: nand
gate_139 is created type: nand
gate_14 is created type: not
gate_140 is created type: nand
gate_141 is created type: nand
gate_142 is created type: nand
gate_143 is created type: nand
gate_144 is created type: nand
gate_145 is created type: nand
gate_146 is created type: nand
gate_147 is created type: not
gate_148 is created type: and
gate_149 is created type: not
gate_15 is created type: not
gate_150 is created type: not
gate_151 is created type: not
gate_152 is created type: not
gate_153 is created type: nor
gate_154 is created type: nand
gate_155 is created type: nand
gate_156 is created type: nand
gate_157 is created type: nand
gate_158 is created type: nand
gate_159 is created type: nand
gate_16 is created type: not
gate_160 is created type: nand
gate_17 is created type: not
gate_18 is created type: not
gate_19 is created type: nand
gate_2 is created type: not
gate_20 is created type: nor
gate_21 is created type: nor
gate_22 is created type: nand
gate_23 is created type: nand
gate_24 is created type: nand
gate_25 is created type: nand
gate_26 is created type: nand
gate_27 is created type: nand
gate_28 is created type: nand
gate_29 is created type: nand
gate_3 is created type: not
gate_30 is created type: nor
gate_31 is created type: nor
gate_32 is created type: nor
gate_33 is created type: nor
gate_34 is created type: nor
gate_35 is created type: nor
gate_36 is created type: nor
gate_37 is created type: nor
gate_38 is created type: nor
gate_39 is created type: nor
gate_4 is created type: not
gate_40 is created type: nor
gate_41 is created type: nor
gate_42 is created type: nor
gate_43 is created type: nor
gate_44 is created type: nor
gate_45 is created type: nor
gate_46 is created type: and
gate_47 is created type: not
gate_48 is created type: not
gate_49 is created type: not
gate_5 is created type: not
gate_50 is created type: xor
gate_51 is created type: xor
gate_52 is created type: xor
gate_53 is created type: xor
gate_54 is created type: xor
gate_55 is created type: xor
gate_56 is created type: nand
gate_57 is created type: xor
gate_58 is created type: nand
gate_59 is created type: xor
gate_6 is created type: not
gate_60 is created type: nand
gate_61 is created type: xor
gate_62 is created type: nand
gate_63 is created type: nand
gate_64 is created type: nand
gate_65 is created type: nand
gate_66 is created type: nand
gate_67 is created type: nand
gate_68 is created type: nand
gate_69 is created type: nand
gate_7 is created type: not
gate_70 is created type: nand
gate_71 is created type: nand
gate_72 is created type: nand
gate_73 is created type: nand
gate_74 is created type: nand
gate_75 is created type: nand
gate_76 is created type: nand
gate_77 is created type: nand
gate_78 is created type: nand
gate_79 is created type: nand
gate_8 is created type: not
gate_80 is created type: nand
gate_81 is created type: nand
gate_82 is created type: nand
gate_83 is created type: nand
gate_84 is created type: nand
gate_85 is created type: nand
gate_86 is created type: and
gate_87 is created type: not
gate_88 is created type: not
gate_89 is created type: not
gate_9 is created type: not
gate_90 is created type: not
gate_91 is created type: not
gate_92 is created type: not
gate_93 is created type: not
gate_94 is created type: not
gate_95 is created type: not
gate_96 is created type: not
gate_97 is created type: not
gate_98 is created type: not
gate_99 is created type: xor
DFS begins.
1
1
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
1
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
1
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
1
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
1
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
1
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
1
0
1
1
2
1
2
2
0
0
0
0
2
2
2
2
1
0
0
0
0
0
0
2
2
2
2
1
2
2
2
2
2
2
0
0
0
0
1
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
1
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
1
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
1
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
1
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
2
2
2
2
2
2
2
2
2
2
3
4
4
4
0
0
0
0
0
0
5
0
5
0
5
0
5
5
5
5
5
5
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
